# Pop-Up


## Features
Good for loading a Popup (duh). Pretty light-weight and has all the configurable options you should need. Simple CSS styling and all that fun stuff.

## Settings

Option | Type | Default | Description
------ | ---- | ------- | -----------
popupID| string | 'popup_' + generateGUID() | The ID assigned to the popup. Default gets randomly generated by a `generateGUID()` function that gets exported in from the 'util' directory
contents| string | $(element).data('popup-content') OR $(element).attr('href') OR null | The content needs to be a string, or reference an HTML element on the page. Should determine it automagically
popupOuterClass| string | "" | Add an outer class to the popup for additional styling control!
title | string | null | The title that displays in the popup, can be left blank of course
titleClass | string | 'h3' |  CSS class name to be added to the title for styling purposes of course!
clickOutsideClose| boolean | true | Closes the popup if outside is clicked, which extends a click event to the overlay
fadeOut | number |  500 | fade-out in milliseconds of the popup
fadeIn | number |  400 | fade-in in milliseconds of the popup
zIndex | number |  2000 | the z-index set on the popup
launch | boolean | false | launches the popup right away. Good if there is another event rather than click or what have you.
removeAfterClose | boolean | true | This removes the popup entirely from the page.
escapeClose | boolean | true | This removes the popup when the Escape Key is pressed.
afterLoaded | function |  ()=>{} | Function runs after the loading of the Popup and when it becomes visible.
afterClose | function |  ()=>{} | Function to run after its closed.
directionY | string| 'TOP' | Options are 'TOP','BOTTOM' or 'NONE'. The vertical direction its coming from. Can be used in conjunction with `directionX` param to animate in at an angle!
directionX | string| 'NONE' |  Options are 'LEFT','RIGHT' or 'NONE'. The horizontal direction its coming from.
group | boolean | true | If you pass in a class (e.g.: '.pic-group') then it'll load controls to toggle between them with the right left keys and place arrows on the right and left.
closeText | string | `<i class="icon-close"><span class="sr-only">Close</span></i>` | The inner HTML for the close button.
prevBtnContent | string | `<i class="icon-arrow-l"><span class="sr-only">Previous</span></i>` | The inner HTML for the buttons.
nextBtnContent | string | `<i class="icon-arrow-r"><span class="sr-only">Next</span></i>` | The inner HTML for the buttons.
loadingHTML | string | `<div class="popup-loader"></div>` | the HTML for the loader
appendPopupTo| 'body' | change the target in which the popoup gets appended to.

## Example

__The following is an example html structure for this plugin:__

```
<div class="container" style="min-height: 1000px">
	<div id="popup-content">
		<h1>Pop-up</h1>
		<p>This is for a basic popup content</p>
		<p>Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient. Etiam habebis sem dicantur magna mollis euismod. Curabitur blandit tempus ardua ridiculus sed magna. Unam incolunt Belgae, aliam Aquitani, tertiam. Nihil hic munitissimus habendi senatus locus, nihil horum?</p>
	</div>
	<a href="#" id="launch-popup-jq" class="button">Launch jQuery Popup</a>
	<a href="#" id="launch-popup-jq2" class="button">Launch jQuery Popup (remove)</a>
</div>
```

### Browse a JS Array of Images ###
Instead of combing the DOM for elements, comb an JS array that maybe gets compiled from some JSON array. Structure it like the following:
```javascript
var jsArray = [
	{
		nodeName:"img",
		src:"https://via.placeholder.com/600x500",
		title:"A JS Object Title 600x500",
		alt: "600x500 alt text"
	},
	{
		nodeName:"img",
		src:"https://via.placeholder.com/600x400",
		title:"A JS Object Title 600x400"
	},
	{
		nodeName:"img",
		src:"https://via.placeholder.com/600x300",
		title:"A JS Object Title 600x300"
	}
];
```


__JavaScript__
```javascript
	//examples of using it differently

	//getting contents from a page element
	$('#launch-popup-jq2').popup({
		contents: $('#popup-content'),
		popupID: 'my-popup-jq2',
		directionX: 'LEFT'
	});

	//getting contents from a group of pics
	$('.pic-group').popup({
		inline:true,
		contents: '.pic-group',
		title:'How About That',
		afterLoaded: (el,id)=>{console.log('yeah loaded', el,id)}
	});

	//getting imagery to generate from an array
	$('.js-object-group').popup({
		array:true,
		contents: jsArray,
		title:'How About That'
	});
```
